Welcome back.
You have previously learned
about N-gram Language Models.
And specifically we used it to compute
the probability of a sequence of words.
Now, in this video, you're going to
identify the limitations of that model.
And You will see that it requires
a lot of space in memory.
So with that said, let's dive in.
Suppose you have to translate the sentence
[FOREIGN] from French to English.
If you had several similar sentence
candidates like I saw the game of soccer,
I saw the soccer game, I saw the soccer
match, and saw I the game of soccer.
For an accurate translation, you could
compute the probabilities of each sentence
using a language model like the N-gram,
and
end up selecting the sequence of
words with the highest probability.
In this case,
that would be I saw the soccer game.
You may have encountered the N-gram
model before, but let's go ahead and
review it quickly.
Recall that in order to build
an N-gram language model,
you have to compute
conditional probabilities.
For bigrams,
you have to compute conditional
probabilities using one previous word.
For trigrams, you could compute
it using two previous words.
So for an N-gram model,
you use conditional probabilities
using N minus 1 words.
At the end,
you'll get the probability of a whole
sentence by multiplying the probabilities
of each word in the sentence using
its previous N minus 1 words.
So in the case of a Bigram to get
the probability of a three word sentence,
you would multiply the probability
of the first word by the probability
of the second word given the first word,
and
then by the probability of the third
word given the second one.
These models have many limitations.
One of them is that in order to capture
dependencies between words far away from
each other,
your model would have to account for
conditional probabilities in
very long sequences of words.
This could be difficult to estimate
without correspondingly large corporal.
Even in the case of large corporal your
model would need a lot of space and
RAM to store the probabilities of
all the possible combinations.
You can see how quickly this
approach becomes impractical.
Up next, I'll introduce you to
recurrent neural networks and
gated recurrent units, two models that
are much more efficient than N-grams for
NLP tasks like machine translation.
You have now seen that traditional N-gram
language models require a lot of space and
a lot of memory.
So if a user is downloading an app,
for example, on their phone,
then they might not have
enough space there.
And as a result, the developers
might not want to use traditional
N-gram Language Models there, and they
might want to use a different approach,
which is known as
Recurrent Neural Networks.
In this video, I'll introduce you to
RNNs or Recurrent Neural Networks.